Update Ruleset Engine concepts (#1603)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/firewall/src/content/cf-rulesets/index.md

There are several elements involved in the configuration and use of the Ruleset Engine. These elements are:

* **Phase** — Defines a stage in the life of a request where you can execute rulesets.
* **Ruleset** — Defines a versioned set of rules. You deploy rulesets to a phase, where they execute.

> * **Rule** — Defines a filter and an action to perform on incoming requests that match the filter expression. A rule with an “execute” action executes a ruleset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Rule** — Defines a filter and an action to perform on incoming requests that match the filter expression. A rule with an `execute` action executes a ruleset.
```

## Phases

> A phase defines a stage in the life of a request where you can execute rulesets. Phases are defined by Cloudflare and you cannot modify them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A phase defines a stage in the life of a request where you can execute rulesets. Phases are defined by Cloudflare and cannot be modified.
```

Author: I was trying to avoid the passive voice occurrence, but it sounded a bit strange.

![Requests going through the available phases](../images/rulesets-phases.png)

Phases have an **entry point** ruleset at the account and zone levels. An entry point ruleset contains a list of ordered rules that run in the phase. You can define rules in an entry point ruleset that execute a different ruleset.

Cloudflare products are specific to one or more phases, and they add support for different features. Check the documentation for each Cloudflare product for details on the applicable phases.

## Rulesets

A ruleset is an ordered set of rules that you can apply to traffic at the edge. Rulesets belong to a phase and can only execute in the same phase. To deploy a ruleset to a phase, add a rule that executes the ruleset to the phase entry point.

> Rulesets are versioned. Each ruleset modification creates a new version of the ruleset. You can have several versions of a ruleset in use at the same time. When you deploy a ruleset — that is, when you create a rule that executes the ruleset —, the most recent version of the ruleset is selected by default.

Reviewer: Should there be a dash or comma? Why both?

There are several types of rulesets. Cloudflare provides **Managed Rulesets** that you can deploy. Additionally, you can create and manage your own **custom rulesets**. Specific Cloudflare products may provide other types of rulesets.

<Aside type="note" header="Note">

> Phase entry point rulesets have a type defined in the `kind` field:

Reviewer 2: nit: This is correct, but all other rulesets also have a type defined, too; this makes it sound like only phase entry points have a type.  Perhaps it should be something like "phase entry point rulesets have `kind` set to one of the following values"?
